Describe variadic-pass nodes (#229)
xodio/xod-docs: docs/guide/variadic-pass/README.md

---
title: Creating variadic-pass Nodes
version: 0.38.0
---

# Creating variadic-pass Nodes

> `variadic-pass` nodes allow to create wrappers around ["real" variadic nodes](../variadics). Such wrappers have much less strict requirements for input and output pins and allow to hide implementation details from the end user.

Reviewer: The "real" may be easisly another pass-node

```suggestion
`variadic-pass` nodes allow to create wrappers around [other variadic nodes](../variadics). Such wrappers have much less strict requirements for input and output pins and allow to hide implementation details from the end user.
```

> Let's create the `average` node that would look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's create the `average` node that looks like this:
```
